inevitably walking among the
stores the eye falls into the various benches
ice creams that abound in gluttony of
every type and every color
Not always, however, can he find them
perfect ice cream just what it does at
our case and that is able to satisfy the
our needs such as
lactose-free ice creams the right ice creams
the power of the lawyers therefore I will
I suggest walking in front of the
ice cream parlors with a nice ice cream a
chocolate prepared with your hands
but not a simple ice cream an ice cream
without lactose without cholesterol and without
animal derived fats we prepare
together to prepare 6 portions of
chocolate ice cream without lactose
therefore vegan need 500 books
liters of soy milk 250 milliliters of
vegetable cream 150 g of sugar
caster 25 grams of dextrose 5 grams
of carob seed flour that will be the
our thickener for 10 grams
of inulin that allows us to reduce the
amount of fat inside the
ice cream itself to finish 50 g of cocoa
therefore we prepare bitter powder
unveiled vegan chocolate in one
casseruolina we put soy milk
better if self-produced then cream
250,000 vegetable perfect we add
now the lille dextrose sugars that there
lowers the freezing point of the
mass now we have also started a
know him well
granulated sugar
we always mix and now add to
cold our stabilizer for
ice cream or seed flour from
carob carob seed flour yes
disperses well as I said before is a
warm and cold its dispersion a
cold does not generate problems because it is
insoluble therefore not from citrus however it is
recommended to keep 80 degrees for
at least two minutes for his complete
solubilization and to ensure that
our frost stabilizer
manage to exercise his best
thickening capacity we can now
heat our mixture and with the
food thermometer we measure the
temperature when it reaches 45 degrees
We can also add new
meanwhile we continue to stir
reached 45 degrees as I said before
we can also disperse our in
perfect line so now slowly
we also add the bitter cocoa in
dust that I have previously
sieved I recommend sieved to you
otherwise in short, maybe you can
will form lumps is not really the
maximum
add it slowly composed
always stirring always maintaining
also a fairly sustained flame
for soul to use our best
carob flour then we will keep for
at least two minutes and 80 85 degrees
we brought our blend first
at 80 degrees then at 85 for the
pasteurization then for the correct
conservation of the final product
now let it cool completely
our vegan chocolate ice cream
for about 6 12 hours before at temperature
environment
then clearly in the refrigerator for the
ripening stage so that everyone
dry ingredients if they succeed
hydrate perfectly and reduce
also the risk of forming in
ice crystals in the final ice cream
after 6 12 hours of cooling see
this is clearly the result
cream has thickened we can
transfer it into an ice cream maker
being careful maybe not to get dirty
everywhere and we will let it whisk until
reaching consistency
desired
after which we will not let the
our comfort to better better ad
learn in the freezer for years less
mezz'oretta
wow if this ice cream is good and the
demonstration that this is not the case
important to use cow's milk
fresh cream or eggs to get a
greedy fresh dessert just like
this by correctly balancing fats
and sugars we got a result
really mouth-watering
ah I forgot the prepared wafer
completely without 100 per 100 eggs
vegetable where ga